It's all over
Enemy
Oh, right.
It's getting late, hurry in, okay?
Then you wait for me here and don't run around
Hello Mr. Davis
I'm Ye Yufei from the Ye family
Miss Ye is here
Please sit please sit please sit
This is the advertisement I prepared for you.
You can take a look. Okay.
There is no problem with the manual control.
It's a little too rich.
It's okay, you can do more.
Mr. Davis
What do you mean?
Can provide 50 billion funds for our Ye family
And don't want a penny of interest?
Yes, that's right.
I'll sign it, then.
Miss Ye, I tell you that I have one condition
You have to listen to me
I heard about your night market group
A piece of software was developed in advance
The data of the software is stocked with tens of millions of people's
personal data
The information in the database may be embarrassing
That belongs to the customer's privacy
We industrialists can't sell it to you.
Hahahaha!
Miss Ye haha
Don't say the way is so absolute?
As long as you help me send the information offline.
I'll add the loan limit to your 80 billion sorry
This kind of thing that sells customers once
I don't do it